Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Nice and easy. I got you.
Easy.
Honey, I know you're excited
about this boat,
but considering how cold it is and
what the weatherman's predicting...
Oh, come on.
There is not a cloud in the sky.
Besides, if there's one thing
I learned in the joint,
it's to live each day
like it might be your last,
because you never know.
Jack, don't be so morbid.
He can't help it. It's just his nature.
Come on, let's go.
All right, now. Well, come on, you two.
Which one is it?
I hate it when he does this.
Come on, why should I make it easy?
You gotta guess.
- That one.
- No.
- That one?
- Come on.
- Come on, you can do better than that.
That.
No, wise guy.
That one.
Now, how did you swing that?
I got friends in real low places.
I'm driving.
- Hi, you the new live-aboards?
- Yeah.
- She's a beaut.
- Thanks.
Mr. McKay, welcome aboard.
- Terry, how you doing?
- I'm good.
- Terry, this is Christine Pettit.
- It's a pleasure.
This is my son, Dylan.
- Hi, Dylan.
- Hi.
This is Terry Wilson, our captain.
- This is my first mate, Mel Borman.
- Ahoy.
- Can we show you around?
- Let's--
- Lead the way.
- All right.
Little nicer than Cell Block 8,
don't you think?
Yeah, just a little bit.
What did you do to deserve this?
Well, I took a fall for a lot of guys that
could have gone down with me, so...
Well, let's just say
it's payback time.
Oh, Jack, this is exquisite.
Well, we have got the forward cabin.
It's the one with the hot tub.
I can't wait.
Listen, why don't you two
go with Mel, okay?
I've gotta talk over a couple details
with Captain Wilson.
All right.
- Go ahead.
- Thanks.
- You got yourself a fine son there.
- Leave my son out of this.
Little late for that, don't you think?
By the way, Jack, we were told
we could expect the money by now.
What's the holdup?
Look, I told you,
it takes time to get these things done,
Yeah, Well, time is money,
So speed it up,
or you can kiss our little deal goodbye.
Dad, this is a great boat.
- Well, I'm glad you like it.
- So which cabin's mine?
- Well, you just take your pick.
- Okay.
Hey, listen,
could you do me a favour?
Yeah.
Could you give Jim Walsh
a call this afternoon?
What for?
I just think we should have heard
something by now, don't you?
Jack, his daughter's
not even talking to me.
I don't think Jim Walsh would be
too crazy about hearing from me now.
Dylan, come on,
business is business.
So if it's business,
why don't you do it?
Well, because it's not appropriate.
I mean, that's your trust fund,
it's not mine.
Okay. I'll look into it.
All right, thanks.
Why don't you get your lazy butt
out of here and get to school?
- All right.
You take care.
I can't believe I have a son who's
the editor of the school newspaper
who reads nothing
but the sports section.
Dad, stop the bombing.
Brandon, it is important to know
what is happening in the world.
I realise that, Dad.
We've been having the same
conversation since I was 12.
You know, when I was a kid,
my father made me--
Read the entire paper before he let you
read the sports section, I know.
I was the only 8-year-old
in Anoka, Minnesota
who could name every member
of Harry Truman's cabinet.
Harry who?
- Morning, ladies.
- Morning.
Are you guys ready for this?
Toby Anderson got mugged
jogging at Roxbury Park this morning.
Can you believe it?
Now, where is that flyer?
I know I put it in here somewhere.
What flyer?
- There were police cars everywhere.
- Well, was she hurt?
Well, she was banged up a little
but she's gonna be fine. Thank God.
Here it is.
I knew there was a reason
I kept this.
There's a self-defence workshop
at the community centre this weekend.
Brenda, it's time we armed ourselves.
What do you think?
Why not?
It's not like I have any other plans.
Good, I'm glad you're both up.
Morning, Mom.
I've got something
I need to talk to you about.
What's up?
I've been going over figures with my
accountant the past couple of weeks,
and the more I try
to make the numbers work,
the more I realise
I don't have a choice,
we have to sell this house.
What?
The mortgage on this place is huge
and we're on our own now.
- This is all my dad's fault.
- No, David, it's not.
It's just the way
life works out sometimes.
When I married your dad,
I gave up my alimony.
It wasn't fair to ask your father
for that kind of support.
He's taking care of Erin,
that's what's important.
I just don't believe
this is happening.
I'm sorry, sweetie.
We can talk about it more tonight.
ln the meantime, I've gotta get dressed.
The real-estate agent's
coming this morning.
I can't believe this.
I mean, through three husbands
and two boyfriends,
this house was the one thing
that always stayed the same.
I feel terrible.
I'll get it.
Hello?
Yes, he is. Can I ask who's calling?
Hold on.
It's some guy named Serge Menkin?
- Oh, my God.
- Who is he?
He's a record producer.
He's my record producer.
I can't believe he's calling here.
I can't believe he's actually calling me.
Are you gonna talk to him or not?
Yeah.
Mr. Menkin.
Oh, sure. Yeah, that's no problem.
Oh, that's great.
Oh, I'm really looking forward
to this too, Serge.
Okay.
I can't believe this.
We're actually going into the studio
next week.
We're gonna be laying down
rhythm tracks.
That's great.
Do me a favour, David,
hurry up and get rich
so you can buy this house.
You know, I know some bookie
in Pacoima
who's giving great odds
on sumo wrestling.
Hi, Steve.
New car stereo, new skis.
You're really raking in the dough,
huh?
I'm just lucky, I guess.
Well, I got two words for you:
Pete Rose.
I got two words for you too.
Steve.
Listen, I'm sorry about
the whole record-deal thing.
- I thought for the sake of my career--
- I don't wanna hear about your career.
- But Serge Menkin called me.
- I don't wanna hear about it.
Yo, TGlF, West Beverly,
Donna-Donna here,
and you know what?
I have got Friday on my mind.
You know
what I wanna know about?
I wanna know why we make
such a big deal out of Friday.
I mean, what about all the teenagers
in the world
that have absolutely nothing to do
this weekend?
Aren't we just rubbing it
in their faces?
I mean, well, not like I don't have
a packed social calendar or anything.
But however, it is something
to think about, and sing about.
- Hello.
- What are you doing tonight?
- David's coming over.
- Not anymore.
- You're coming with me.
- Where?
Donna, self-defence for women.
It's time we learned
how to defend ourselves.
Bren, you know
I am not the aggressive type.
Well, it's time you learned to be.
Donna, I was attacked once.
I'm never going to be a victim again.
Okay, but where did the sudden urge
for power come from?
A lady in our neighbourhood
was mugged this morning.
Wait a minute.
Are you sure it's not because
you don't have anything to do?
- Donna.
- I'm just asking.
It might have a little something to do
with it, but it's not the main reason.
I mean, you can see David anytime.
TGlF, guys.
Andrea, would you explain to Donna
that it's far more important
to take a self-defence class than to
hang with her boyfriend this weekend.
Absolutely. Far more important.
Well, have you actually ever taken
one of these classes?
No, but I hear they're wonderful.
I mean, very empowering.
- You see.
- Great.
You go with Brenda
and I'll go out with David.
I can't.
I have a date.
Who are you going out with?
Dylan.
- Did you have an appointment?
- No, but I called you today twice.
Oh, gee.
I'm sorry I didn't get back to you.
It's just been one
of those hectic days.
Up to my earlobes in alligators.
What can I do for you?
Well, my father and I were wondering
if there were any problems.
I mean, we haven't heard anything.
Dylan, this is not a good time.
I got a partners' meeting
in 20 minutes.
Does that mean there are problems?
Dylan,
I've thought about this long
and hard.
I just can't go along
with what you want.
What?
I'm just not ready
to dissolve your trust fund.
All I'm trying to do here
is to be objective and to look out
for your best interest.
I will decide
what is in my best interest.
- Not you. Not anybody.
- Does that include your father?
All you know is what you read
in the newspapers
and what they tell you
on the 6:00 news.
Now, my father deserves a second
chance and I'm gonna give it to him.
Look, Dylan, that's very noble of you,
but a trustee has to be
a little bit more impartial than that.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I have to get to a meeting.
So that's it?
You're just gonna stonewall me?
Look, son, you've made your point.
And I promise you
that I will take it under advisement.
Yeah, and you've made your point,
which was neither objective
or impartial.
- Hi, Mom.
- Hi, honey.
I thought you had a date
with Dylan tonight.
Yeah, he said he had some things
to talk over with his dad.
- What are you doing?
- Cleaning.
The real-estate caravan
is coming tomorrow.
- I want the place to look its best.
- What's a real-estate caravan?
Dozens of strangers
snooping around your house.
I still can't believe we're moving.
Don't pack yet. We have to sell first.
Yeah, but still,
it just feels like everything's changing.
Well, that's probably
because everything is changing.
I mean, it's not just the house.
It's me.
It's my friends. I don't even know who's
talking to me this week and who's not.
Brenda still not speaking to you?
She says hello but that's about it.
I mean, it's Friday night.
Do you know how many times we
would've talked on the phone by now?
Well, honey,
this has got to be difficult for her.
You got something she wanted.
Believe me,
that's a tough pill to swallow.
Yeah, I guess so.
Give her some time.
She's gotta come to terms with this
in her own way.
My name is Grace Feldman
and I'm your instructor.
And this is my assistant, Ralphie.
He's big, he's dumb
and he wants your purse.
ln this country, a woman
is battered every six minutes.
A woman is raped
every three minutes.
Oh, my God.
And that's just the reported cases.
By coming here tonight,
you're saying
that violence against women
is no longer going to be
an accepted part of our culture.
So before we partner up
and beat the heck out of each other--
Only kidding.
--why don't you introduce yourselves?
And if you'd like,
tell us why you're here.
I'm Cindy.
And I'm here
because I hate feeling scared
when I'm walking around the streets
of my own neighbourhood.
And I wanna know what to do
if anyone should ever try to hurt me.
That's a terrific reason.
Anybody else here for that reason?
Great. Who else?
I'm Brenda, and I'm her daughter.
About a year ago
a guy held a gun to my head
and threatened to kill me
if I didn't do what he said.
So I did.
I mean, he didn't hurt me or anything,
but it was still pretty scary.
Are you still angry about it?
Yeah.
Good.
That's gonna work for you.
There are times
when you may have to submit.
But when guns are not involved,
and most times they're not,
a woman's best weapon are her wits,
her voice and her body.
Next.
Hi, I'm Donna.
Well, actually, I'm just here because
my best friend here made me come.
Donna, that's as good a reason
as any.
You have a smart best friend.
Hi.
Hey, Dad. How's it going?
Not as well as I thought.
I just got a call from Jim Walsh.
Yeah, I was gonna tell you,
I saw him this afternoon.
What the hell is it with this guy?
He says he's just looking out for me,
Well, I'm your father,
I think that's my job, isn't it?
Come on, Dad.
I mean, he'll come around eventually.
It's not like we're that hard up
for the money, are we?
No, no.
No, we'll be okay,
one way or another.
One free throw.
One free throw and I lose 200 bucks.
It's not fair.
That's basketball, Brandon.
How many times
do I have to tell you?
It's not football. Stats and point
spreads are meaningless.
Well, I got three more games this
weekend. I'll come back. You'll see.
Yeah, that's what they all say.
Brandon, get over to the register.
Andrea and her boyfriend wanna make
a contribution to my retirement fund.
- You got it.
- Boyfriend?
- lsn't that the guy from Shaw?
- Yeah.
- Mr. Bonner, good to see you.
- You too, Brandon of Beverly Hills.
- How's it going?
- Good, man.
- Good. Congratulations on Yale.
- Thanks, man.
Thanks. So where are you guys
off to?
Going to the movies.
We're gonna see Hoffa,
Hoffa, Outstanding.
Have a good time.
We will.
- Thank you.
- Bye, guys.
Bye.
I can't believe
they're actually going on a real date.
Talk about an odd couple.
You mean that Jungle Fever thing?
No, Steve.
- Well, that's what you meant.
- That isn't what I meant.
I don't care if the guy's
pink with blue polka dots.
- I just don't see them together.
- Why not?
You said yourself,
they both got into Yale.
- Probably do have a lot in common.
- Yeah, I guess.
You just can't stand to see Andrea
go out with someone who isn't you.
- Steve.
- You did the same thing last summer
when she started dating
that Jay guy.
Yeah, I guess I did, didn't I?
Maybe it's a good thing
Andrea's going to Yale.
You know, it's weird. We never
did anything more than just kiss,
but I just can't get off
this possessive trip with her.
You guys kissed? You and Andrea?
- Forget it, Steve.
- No. No, no, no, no.
When did you guys kiss?
- Hi, honey. How was class?
- Oh, it was terrific.
- Especially for Brenda.
- Oh, great.
Maybe it'll help
get her mind off Dylan.
Oh, honey, it was so much more
than that.
I mean, she's got a lot of anger
bottled up inside.
I wasn't even aware how much.
I really think this class could help her
turn it into something useful.
- Something positive.
- That's terrific.
As for me,
I just feel achy and pooped.
I never knew how many muscles
it took to be assertive.
Come here, Wonder Woman.
- Oh, I don't deserve you.
- I know.
"Pros and cons." What's this?
I'm making a list to help me decide
what to do about signing
the revocation of Dylan's trust.
"Cons: Don't trust Jack McKay.
Jack McKay won't invest wisely.
Jack McKay's a known thief
and ex-con.
Pros:
Dylan deserves a father."
- That's a lot of cons.
- And one ex-con.
- And only one pro.
- Yeah, you see my dilemma.
Yes, I do, honey.
But you know,
maybe it's time we let go of Dylan.
I mean, we can't be
surrogate parents forever.
And he's not even going out
with our daughter anymore.
Thanks. I needed that.
Yes, of course, back to work.
That's it, honey. Right--
You feel that there?
How are you holding up?
Not very good, Mom.
These people are gross.
As long as they have clients
who want to buy.
Jackie, someone wants to know,
did the house come
with the glass brick in the bathroom
or were you just trying
to make a statement?
I think we've got us some live ones.
Kelly, David, this is Rob Lanze,
my real-estate agent.
How do you do?
Kelly, do me a favour.
Get your mother out of here.
This is gut-wrenching
even for the toughest of souls.
Yeah, I think that's a good idea,
Mom.
No, I think I should stay.
This is too important.
Whatever possessed them to put
parquet floors in the dining room?
- This is Beverly Hills, not Hackensack.
- Kelly, David--
Did you catch the giant fish farms
in the walls?
This isn't a house, it's an aquarium.
- I think we should leave.
- Yeah, I'll drive.
I got the back seat.
Good afternoon, Jack. Dylan.
Look, Jim, let's forgo
the niceties, okay?
lris agreed to this arrangement.
Would you tell me
what the hell is going on?
Nothing's going on.
Why don't you sit down
and I'll explain?
After our meeting I told Dylan
that I was taking his position
under advisement.
Now I'm advising both of you
that I'm signing the papers.
What?
- Money's yours.
- Great.
Then we're back in business.
- Thank you, Jim.
- Don't thank me.
As a matter of fact,
I owe you both an apology.
First of all to you, Jack,
for not being able to get past
my own prejudices
about what a real father should be.
And to you, Dylan,
for getting in your way of having one.
Apology accepted.
- However unnecessary.
- I wouldn't go that far.
- So, Jack, what's next?
- Next?
Well, next, I start the long journey back
to making up for lost time.
But before that, how about the three of
us going out for a celebratory dinner?
On me.
No, thanks.
But why don't the two of you go?
Oh, come on, Jim.
You sure about that?
Yeah.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Jim.
- Take care, Jack.
- Take care.
Good luck, son.
So she says, "You can go,
but your shoes stay here,"
Kelly, you hardly touched your food.
You eat like a bird.
I had a big lunch.
Now, Kel, come on.
You can't get too skinny.
You see, we McKay men,
we like our women
to look like women, not little boys.
You wanna slap him?
You're the closest.
Hang on.
Okay, here we go.
To the future greatness
of the new and improved McKay clan.
Hear, hear.
- To Kelly.
- What'd I do?
I don't know, but whatever
you're doing, keep on doing it
because I have never seen
Dylan happier.
- Oh, I know what it is.
- Dylan, shut up.
And to Dylan, my son,
who had to grow up way too fast
because his old man
was a screwed-up kid for too long.
I owe you.
I'll collect.
And to my beautiful,
beautiful Christine,
the only woman I've ever known
who can hang a spoon on her nose
for over ten seconds.
- Oh, boy.
- Watch this.
And a woman I would love
to spend the rest of my life with.
Miss Christine Pettit,
will you please do me the honour
of becoming my wife?
Jack.
I take it that means yes?
Yes. Yes. Yes.
This is my client's top offer.
ls this a seven or a two?
It's a two, and my sincere feeling
is grab it before it becomes a one.
This is a five-bedroom house.
It's a buyer's market.
The ball is not in your court.
Well, Jackie,
I know it's not what you were asking...
Yeah, it's insulting.
It's up to you. I'm not gonna be pushy.
It's not my way.
May I talk to you for a second?
Excuse us.
Oh, no problem.
I'll just watch the beautiful fish.
I thought you told me
this was a must-sell.
- That's highway robbery.
- What's going on?
Well, they made an offer
and it's not too good.
Sounds good to me. Don't sell.
- Kelly.
- I gotta go.
- Dylan's taking me sailing.
- On a day like this?
Well, it's supposed to clear up. Bye.
All right, have fun.
Take an umbrella, please.
Rob, what should I do?
Well, it's the only offer we've gotten,
and bottom line, a bird in the hand
is worth more than a dead duck.
Okay, so we'll get a little wet.
But it's not gonna kill us.
- I don't know.
- Come on, Kel, it'll be an adventure.
We'll just putter around the harbour.
And besides,
I already rented the boat.
Okay, but I have to warn you,
- I don't know my aft from my elbow.
- Oh, that's okay.
Maybe we'll get swept away
on some deserted island
- and you can be my sex slave.
- ln your dreams.
Every night.
Dylan, come here.
- What?
- Come here, look at this guy.
See that guy?
Yeah, what about him?
- He was staring at me.
- Come on, Kel.
No, I tell you he was looking
right at me.
Kelly, I hate to break it to you,
but guys are gonna look at you.
- It's the price for being so beautiful.
- Dylan.
lf you want,
I'll punch this guy's lights out.
- No. Don't you dare.
- Nobody looks at my woman.
- Would you stop?
- He thinks he can look at you?
- He's a dead man, Kel.
- You are crazy.
- What, you talking to me?
- Yes.
Bran, I don't wanna say I told you so.
- Good.
- But didn't I tell you?
Steve, I lost a couple of games
yesterday. It's no big deal.
How much you lose?
A couple of C-notes?
- Five.
- Five hundred dollars?
You lost five $500?
A little louder, I don't think
the neighbours quite heard that.
- I didn't think you were in that deep.
- Hey, give me a break.
I was up 1500 at one point.
This is a temporary setback,
so lose the dramatics, okay?
Look.
I got a couple bucks on me.
You can go to the ATM
and get the rest later.
- Steve.
- Hey.
This is no time for your
poverty-stricken pride, Brandon.
Steve, don't get me wrong, all right?
I appreciate it.
But a couple of paycheques
will bring me back up to sea level.
Just take this.
Steve--
- Hi, guys.
- Hi, Dad.
- Mr. Walsh.
- What's going on?
- Nothing.
- I gotta go take a shower.
Brandon, next time I tell you
I'm gonna play racquetball,
remind me how bad I am at it,
will you?
You got it.
- Does your old man know about this?
- No. And I'd like to keep it that way.
No. No. No.
No. No. No!
- How was that?
- Well, you had me convinced.
All right, your turn.
No. No. No.
Mom,
centre yourself.
Think about what you would do
if you were really being attacked.
Okay.
No. No. No.
No. No. No. No.
Good job.
Well, I hope I don't meet
either of you in a dark alley.
That was very impressive.
Didn't know I had it in me,
did you, Dad?
Well, now that I do, don't you think
you should wash my car?
- Excuse me?
- Well, you know,
wax on, wax off.
Wax on, wax off.
Come on, The Karate Kid,
You know, the movie?
Jim.
Cute, Dad. Cute. Mom, I'm gonna
get something to drink.
- Do you want anything?
- Oh, no, thanks.
Oh, Jim. Mr. Birnbaum called, he said
to tell you that the papers were ready.
- That was fast.
- Who's Birnbaum?
Business Affairs.
He drew up the final papers
to dissolve Dylan's trust.
Listen, Jim,
I know this wasn't easy for you,
but you did the right thing.
Thanks.
Well, in 48 hours, Mr. Dylan McKay
is going to be an extraordinarily
wealthy young man.
- You got a sec?
- Yeah, I'm just getting ready for work.
I just heard Dad tell Mom,
Dylan's finally getting all of his money.
- Talk about rich.
- Yeah, it's kind of weird.
Dylan was never really into money
and now he's worth a fortune.
Well, at least now I know who I can
hit up for some spare change.
Brandon, what would you do
if you had $10 million.
I don't know.
Pay off some debts, travel,
make a movie, buy the Lakers.
- What about you?
- Do you think it'll change him?
It might. Money has been known
to do that to people.
I think it already has.
Kel.
Now, that I'm gonna be rich,
how will I know if you want me
for my money or my mind?
That's easy.
I want you for your body.
So I'm just like a sex object?
Do you have a problem with that?
Not tonight.
Stay here?
I don't think my mom
would appreciate that very much.
It's okay, I'll write you a note. I will.
You know, "Mrs. Taylor, please excuse
Kelly from being at home tonight,
as she needs a very serious dose
of Dr. McKay's bedside manner."
Nice try, doc,
but you better start operating
because I'm out of here in an hour.
- An hour?
- Yes, an hour.
But it's quality,
not quantity that counts.
I said, no.
- Take your hands off me.
- Good.
You see how assertive she was.
Cindy just showed us that she believes
she doesn't deserve to be harmed.
Self-esteem
is the key to self-defence.
Brenda, you ready?
Okay, start walking away.
- Hey, come here. I just wanna talk.
- No.
Come on.
Just a little friendly conversation.
Back off.
No. No. No.
No. No.
All right, Brenda. That was perfect.
Now, remember the three A's
of self-defence.
Avoidance, awareness
and assertiveness.
Avoid situations
where problems might occur.
Be aware of your surroundings.
And assert yourself
so people know you mean business.
Hey.
Penny for your thoughts.
- You can afford a lot more than that.
- Yeah.
- Where's Kelly?
- Oh, I took her home.
We were both,
you know, pretty tired.
Dylan.
I know I didn't discuss this
with you or anything,
but this thing with Christine,
are you all right with that?
Oh, yeah. I mean, I'm great with that.
I just--
I'm really happy for you.
Good. Good, I'm glad.
You know, there's so much that--
There's so many things
I wish I could tell you.
Jack, any time
you wanna talk to me...
Well, I can't tell you everything
right now. At least--
At least not--
You know, at least not all of it.
It's okay, how about just the first part,
you know?
Jack McKay, the early years,
I think we better interrupt
this bedtime story.
To get ahead in this world, sometimes
you gotta get down and dirty.
You gotta roll in the mud
with the pigs.
So, what are you telling me,
that you know a couple of bad guys?
Yeah. Yeah, a couple.
Dylan, there is something that--
Well, something I haven't exactly
been 100 percent clear about with you.
And I just wanted to talk to you
about that.
Excuse me, Mr. McKay.
Can I speak to you for a moment?
Can it wait?
- Afraid not.
- Hey, it's okay.
I'm not going anywhere.
I thought you understood
how this was gonna be played.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about
keeping your mouth shut.
Look, I can't keep lying to him.
I've gotta tell him what's going on.
Let me assure you,
if you say one word to your son
about our little arrangement,
I doubt if either one of you
will come out of this thing alive.
Hey, David, can I get you anything?
Oh, no, thanks, Nat.
I'm just waiting for Donna.
Well, then maybe
I should charge you rent.
Steve.
Steve, would you just listen to me
for a second, please?
I'm listening.
Look, I know it was wrong
to dump you, okay?
But lcon Records
is a cutthroat operation.
And I have to do what they say
until they make me a huge
enough star, so they do what I say.
And who taught you that?
You did.
Don't you forget it.
So you don't hate me?
Show business is a dirty game.
You did what you gotta do.
But when you get huge,
I want tickets.
And I get good tickets.
And don't expect me to pay for them.
Hey, Duke. How's it going?
Can't complain.
Yeah, I can. But I won't.
Have a seat.
Brandon will be right with you.
Hey, Duke.
Didn't know you'd be coming by today.
Taking care of a little business
in the neighbourhood.
Great, what can I get you?
I think you know.
Listen, Duke,
I came up a little short this week.
A few bets didn't come in
the way I thought they would.
Can you give me a couple of days?
I'm good for it.
I like you, kid.
You're a hard worker, good gambler.
Two things I have a high respect for.
- Thanks.
- So I'm gonna let you slide this time.
- Oh, that's great. Thanks, Duke.
- Don't worry about it.
Everybody has a bad run
now and again.
Yeah, tell me about it.
But I want you to know one thing,
kid.
So listen to me now,
and listen to me good.
You know how many times
I let my clients off the hook
for a little margin of error?
Nice to see you.
Where's Duke?
He had a little business to take care of
in the neighbourhood.
Are you okay, pal?
Yeah, sure. Couldn't be better.
Well, I talked to Steve
and he gave me his blessings.
Well, that's good, I guess.
Well, after what I did I thought he was
gonna hate me for the rest of his life.
Steve's not the kind to hold a grudge.
Unlike some people I know.
- Hi, guys.
- Hello.
So are we homeless yet?
Nope, I turned down the offer.
- Good for you.
- I hope I did the right thing.
What if we don't get any more?
The market's so bad right now.
You will.
And until then, we can help you out.
Thank you.
Thank you both.
And thank you, Erin.
You know, we got ourselves
a wonderful little family here.
Yeah?
- Hey.
I may not see you in the morning.
I gotta get up early and go to town,
take care of some business.
- What business?
- Just some old contacts, that's all.
I just wanna make sure
they know I'm alive.
Yeah.
Oh, no, no, no, no. Come on, Dylan.
Come on. I already told you,
I only mingle with the good guys now.
Yeah. Well, I gotta get some z's
or I'm gonna be a zombie tomorrow.
You remember what I used to do,
when you were a kid
and you couldn't fall asleep?
Yeah.
Don't you dare.
- Take me out to the ball game
- Please, don't do this to me, Jack.
- Take me out to the crowd
- This is why I hate baseball, okay?
- Buy me peanuts and Cracker Jacks
- You did this to me. I'm scarred here.
- I have physical and emotional--
- I don't care if I never get back
- Jack, you're driving me nuts.
- So root, root, root for the home team
- If they don't win, it's a shame
- I am trapped with a tone-deaf lunatic.
- Well, it's one, two
- Anybody, hey.
Three strikes you're out
At the old ball game
You're nuts, man.
Who said it never rains in California?
Not me.
Don't forget to tell your dad
to move his car.
There's no parking
in the lot on Monday mornings
and the meter maids
give out tickets rain or shine.
Thanks. I'll do it myself.
Yeah, how you doing?
Wait a minute.
No, I don't see him, Kelly.
Hang on a second.
- You seen Dylan?
- I'm not even awake yet.
Let me check outside, Kel.
Dylan.
- You looking for your kid?
- Yeah.
He's moving your car.
Dylan.
Yeah?
- Kelly.
- Oh, well, I could've called her back.
Hey, take it from me, don't ever keep
a girl you care about waiting.
- I was gonna move the car.
- It's okay. I'll get it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Thanks, Dad.
- Well, hey, what are dads for, huh?
Umbrellas.
- Hey, how you doing?
- I just wanted to say good morning.
- Good morning,
- How did you sleep?
Not as good as if you'd been here.
That's me. Hold on.
Hello?
Yeah, hold on.
Dylan, I have to go.
That's my mom's realtor.
Okay. Listen, I'll see you in school.
Dad!
Jack!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org